2019-08-27

There seems to be different parts; a universe server, a game runner, a manager that allows users to join and create games.

But it's not clear how to implement those.
The universe is currently a genserver. That feels right.

I want to implement the game runner and manager.
Are those genservers?

Does the manager "listen" for potential players? Does it open and manager "connections"? When a user joins a game is there a handoff to a different genserver? Or does the manager start a game runner genserver where the game runs and, the manager acts as a middleman between the player and the game runner?

User goes to game; 
 * web address
 * load app
Greeted by the game manager.
 * has access to the universes
 * has access to active and inactive users
 * can connect user to universe
 
User selects create game.
 * how do I map the user to the game they are in
 * need to save the users state when they leave
 * NEED user manager too
Call Universe::create()
 * universe genserver created with state
 * returns :ok
this is where I am stuck
What is listening for keypresses from the user?
 * game manager?
 * game runner?

Is there a user genserver backed by a db?
Is there a ship genserver?

### relationships ###
user has many ships
user participating in many universes
ship is in a single universe
many users per universe


OMG it is so hard to stick to planning when what I desire to do is to code.

I added PlanetStats today.
The functions in this module randomly sets the following:
 * size
 * colonized or not
 * has life supporting atmosphere
 * posture towards outsiders
 * population
 * natural resources
 * agricultural resources
 * army or not
 * navy or not
 * planetary defenses or none
 * diplomatic or not
 * xenophobic or not
 It makes heavy use of Enum.random.
